Well
of you greece i participate prednogodny
joint project with other bloggers
i will show you sweet which is very
just done she's called homemade
raffaello for our sweet us
need condensed milk 200 grams per
200 grams of coconut chips
ground almonds hazelnuts and a little bit until
I poured out
coconut pour into a bowl
condensed milk and stir in general
of course there must be one to one
I stood a little coconut mug for
To then have the candy here at
us white candy and brown
you alright so
I mixed
good coconut chips with condensed milk
the mixture should be one to one not important
how much is 100 grams of flour 100 grams
coconut chips 200 200
and we have to put this mixture
refrigerator for 1 hour
then we already make candy now we
got coconut mix out of the fridge
chips with condensed milk and will do
sweets take amount approximately
inside the nut and roll the balls then
we pour shavings and lay down at the plate
also we take
in the same way the ball
and roll here cocoa mix with
almond and what am i
almond is not somehow not much clings to
general in this way it was necessary it was possible
only in medals
this sweet is very light and it can
make even men make a surprise for
his beloved women are such candy
I succeeded
congratulations to all coming
holidays merry christmas this is greece
us December 25th christmas
and happy new year thanks for
view bye bye